Remove mentions of LLM selection drop down from ENT tier (#490)
sourcegraph/docs: docs/cody/clients/install-jetbrains.mdx

## Supported LLM models

> Users on Cody **Free** and **Pro** can choose from a list of supported LLM models for Chat and Commands. Claude Sonnet 3 is the default LLM model for Cody Free users for Chat and Commands. Users on Cody Free and Pro can choose from a list of supported LLM models for Chat and Commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users on Cody **Free** and **Pro** can choose from a list of supported LLM models for Chat and Commands. Both Cody Free and Pro users can choose from a list of supported LLM models for Chat and Commands.
```

Claude 3.5 Sonnet is the default LLM model for all users, both Free and Pro, but I think we can just remove that because both Free and Pro users can select any of the supported LLM for their tiers.

> You also get additional capabilities like BYOLLM (Bring Your Own LLM), supporting Single-Tenant and Self Hosted setups for flexible coding environments. Your site administrator determines the LLM, and cannot be changed within the editor. However, Cody Enterprise users when using Cody Gateway have the ability to [configure custom models](/cody/core-concepts/cody-gateway#configuring-custom-models) Anthropic (like Claude 2.0 and Claude Instant), OpenAI (GPT 3.5 and GPT 4) and Google Gemini 1.5 models (Flash and Pro).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You also get additional capabilities like BYOLLM (Bring Your Own LLM), supporting Single-Tenant and Self Hosted setups for flexible coding environments. Your site administrator determines the LLM, and cannot be changed within the editor. However, Cody Enterprise users when using Cody Gateway have the ability to [configure custom models](/cody/core-concepts/cody-gateway#configuring-custom-models) Anthropic (like Claude 3 Opus and Claude Haiku), OpenAI (GPT 3.5 Turbo and GPT 4 Turbo) and Google Gemini 1.5 models (Flash and Pro).
```
